MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Services Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of the Effective
Date by and between Acme Analytics Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Provider"), and
the counterparty identified in the applicable Order Form ("Client").

1. SERVICES. Provider shall provide the data analytics services described in each
Order Form. Provider may modify the scope of Services at its sole discretion upon
notice to Client.

2. PAYMENT TERMS. Client shall pay all fees within Net 90 days of the invoice
date. All fees are non-refundable. Late payments accrue a late fee of 5% per
month. Provider may increase fees at any time without cause.

3. TERM AND TERMINATION. This Agreement will automatically renew for successive
twelve (12) month terms unless either party provides notice. Provider may
terminate this Agreement for any reason at any time without cause. Client may
terminate only for material breach that remains uncured for sixty (60) days.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY. Each party agrees to keep the other party's Confidential
Information confidential in perpetuity and not to disclose it to any third party.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Client hereby assigns all intellectual property rights,
including all work product created under this Agreement, to Provider. Provider
grants Client a perpetual, irrevocable license to use the deliverables.

6. INDEMNIFICATION. Client shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Provider for
any and all claims, losses, damages, and expenses arising out of or related to
this Agreement, without limitation.

7. LIABILITY. Client acknowledges that Provider shall have unlimited liability
waived, and Client assumes all risk. In no event shall Provider's aggregate
liability be limited.

8. NON-COMPETE. During the term and for two (2) years thereafter, Client shall
not compete with Provider or engage any competing analytics provider.

9. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties and supersedes all prior understandings.
